Account :: WEBTOON
skip content
WEBTOON
creators 101
Publish
Log In
softasis008
Subscribed
Comments
Account
Log Out
|
Search
Search by Series Title or Creator
Search
Delete
|
Close
MENU
Originals
Formerly Daily Featuredclose
Genres
Popular
Canvas
Formerly Discoverclose
SUBSCRIBED
COMMENTS
ACCOUNT
ACCOUNT
Login information
Loginemail
E-mail
softasis008@yahoo.com
Reset Password
Email Notification
Subscriptions
News/Events
Top Comments/Comments
Nickname
softasis008
Edit
Enter nickname
Enter a maximum of 20 characters.
Create your nickname for WEBTOON.- You may enter a maximum of 20 characterscontaining alphabets, numbers, and symbols.
Check for availability
Save
You may use this nickname.
PatreonPatreon Info
Allow your readers to “Become a Patron!”
Register your Patreon ID
Do you want to delete your account?
Incorrect ID. Please try again.
OK
Turn the switch on to green
to display ‘Become a Patron’ button on your title; and
to receive ad revenue sharing payments from Webtoon if any of your series have been approved for ad display, and your ad revenue balance exceeds the payment threshold.
Are you sure you want to deleteyour Patreon ID?
DeleteCancel
What is Patreon?
Patreon is a way for creators to earn ongoing funding directly from their fans via crowd-funding. Learn more about Patreon here: http://www.patreon.com
Why should I register my Patreon ID on Webtoon?
Registering your Patreon ID on Webtoon will enable you to link your Patreon account to your series on Webtoon and let readers pledge directly.
On top of that, when you join the Ad Revenue Sharing Program with your qualifying series, you will receive Ad Revenue through your Patreon ID.
What is the ‘Ad Revenue Sharing Program’?
When you apply for this program, you will be applying to place ads within your series. We will sell the ad inventory to third party advertisers, display their ads, and then share the generated revenue back with you!
Are there any eligibility requirements?
You can apply for Ad Sharing for every one of your series once it meets: 1,000+ Total Subscribers and 40,000+ US Monthly Pageviews. As we would like to reward prolific creators, you can monetize ALL your eligible series.
When will I get paid? And How much?
Once your Ad Sharing application for your eligible comics is complete, we will post your portion of the net Ad Revenue for each month to your Account on the 21st of every following month. Patreon will process your net Ad Revenue payment by the 31st.
You are only entitled to payment from your Account if the balance in your Account exceeds the minimum threshold amount of US$100. Monthly payments to you are released only in US$100 increments.
Why do I need a valid Patreon ID?
We will make it easy to get paid by working with our partners at Patreon to distribute earned ad revenue. With a valid Patreon ID you can continue to collect the money you earn through Webtoon within the same Patreon platform you utilize to build your membership business.
How can I register my Patreon ID?
Please click the ‘Register your Patreon ID’ button and log-in to the Patreon website. After logging in, please make sure to enter the Patreon URL in your Profile page in Patreon, so that Webtoon can bring your valid URL through the system.
Notice>
Upcoming ‘Daily Pass’ for Completed SeriesSep 16, 2019
WEBTOON
Download WEBTOON now!
GET IT on Google Play
Download on the App Store
facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
About
|
Feedback
|
Help
|
Terms
|
Privacy
|
EnglishEnglish
English
中文 (繁體)
中文 (简体)
ภาษาไทย
Indonesia
© NAVER WEBTOON CORP.
Recently viewed
Recently viewed
https://www.webtoons.com/account/delete